README.md, before:

# StartAllBack Activator

This script modifies Windows registry entries to reset the trial period for [StartAllBack](https://www.startallback.com/), a popular Windows customization tool.

> [!NOTE]
> This script is intended for educational purposes only. It is recommended to purchase a legitimate license to support the developers.

## Installation

1. Download the latest release from the releases page
3. Run the downloaded file `StartAllBack Activator.exe`

Or run from source:

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run `StartAllBack Activator.pyw`

> [!TIP]
> A minimal dependency terminal based version is also available as [StartAllBack Activator(basic)](StartAllBack Activator(basic).py)
## Requirements

- Windows 10 1507 and above
- StartAllBack must be installed
- Python 3.x (if running from source)
- Python packages in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) (if running from source)

## Usage

1. Make sure [StartAllBack](https://www.startallback.com/) is installed on your system
2. Run the script with administrator privileges:
   ```
   python startallback-activator.py
   ```
3. The script will:
   - Search for StartAllBack registry entries
   - Reset the trial period if found
   - Display appropriate messages
4. Press any key to exit after the operation is complete

## [License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Enhance README.md for clarity and add basic version of StartAllBack Activator with GUI

README.md, after:

# StartAllBack Activator

This script modifies Windows registry entries to reset the trial period for [StartAllBack](https://www.startallback.com/), a popular Windows customization tool.

> [!NOTE]
> This script is intended for educational purposes only. It is recommended to purchase a legitimate license to support the developers.

## Installation

1. Download the latest release from the [releases page](https://github.com/singhmanasmay/startallback-activator/releases)
3. Run the downloaded file `StartAllBack Activator.exe`

Or run from source:

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run `StartAllBack Activator.pyw`

> [!TIP]
> A minimal dependency terminal based version is also available as [StartAllBack-Activator(basic).py](StartAllBack-Activator(basic).py) with requirements in [requirements(basic).txt](requirements(basic).txt).

## Requirements

- Windows 10 1507 and above
- StartAllBack must be installed
- Python 3.x (if running from source)
- Python packages in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt) (if running from source)

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure StartAllBack is installed on your system

1. Run the script
2. The script will modify the registry to reset the trial period for StartAllBack
3. Profit!

> [!WARNING]
> All the files provided in this repository are considered an evaluation version and are provided for educational purposes only.\
> By using this repository, you acknowledge and agree that the author(s) shall not be held responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages arising from the use or misuse of this code.


## [License](LICENSE)
